README.md, before:

## Table of Contents
- [About](#about)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Our Team](#our-team)


## About

This app is part of a shared project created by Team 16 for Voyage 48 of the Chingu Program. Chingu is a collaborative platform that brings together developers from around the world. You can learn more about Chingu on their [website](https://www.chingu.io/)


## Technologies Used

- React.js
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap
- Git & GitHub (for version control)


## Installation

To run the app locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine
2. Open the terminal and navigate to the project directory
3. Run the command `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies
4. Run the command `npm run dev` to start the development server
5. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to view the app


## Our Team

Everyone on your team should add their name along with a link to their GitHub
& optionally their LinkedIn profiles below. Do this in Sprint #1 to validate
your repo access and to practice PR'ing with your team *before* you start
coding!

- Valeriy Lysenko: [GitHub](https://github.com/Valeriusdev) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/valeriylysenko)
- Andrew Brockmann: [GitHub](https://github.com/PongRVA) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/andybrockmann)
- Laura Gieg: [GitHub](https://github.com/frosty8104) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laura-gieg-web-designer-developer/)
- Teammate name #4: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)
- Teammate name #5: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)

  ...

- Teammate name #n: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)

Commit message:

Added my name and links to Readme

README.md, after:

## Table of Contents
- [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [About](#about)
- [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Our Team](#our-team)


## About

This app is part of a shared project created by Team 16 for Voyage 48 of the Chingu Program. Chingu is a collaborative platform that brings together developers from around the world. You can learn more about Chingu on their [website](https://www.chingu.io/)


## Technologies Used

- React.js
- JavaScript
- Bootstrap
- Git & GitHub (for version control)


## Installation

To run the app locally, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine
2. Open the terminal and navigate to the project directory
3. Run the command `npm install` to install the necessary dependencies
4. Run the command `npm run dev` to start the development server
5. Open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:3000 to view the app


## Our Team

Everyone on your team should add their name along with a link to their GitHub
& optionally their LinkedIn profiles below. Do this in Sprint #1 to validate
your repo access and to practice PR'ing with your team *before* you start
coding!

- Valeriy Lysenko: [GitHub](https://github.com/Valeriusdev) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/valeriylysenko)
- Andrew Brockmann: [GitHub](https://github.com/PongRVA) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/andybrockmann)
- Laura Gieg: [GitHub](https://github.com/frosty8104) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/laura-gieg-web-designer-developer/)
- Kaz Smino #4: [GitHub](https://github.com/Kaz-Smino) / [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kaz-smino/)
- Teammate name #5: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)

  ...

- Teammate name #n: [GitHub](https://github.com/ghaccountname) / [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/liaccountname)
